docs(en): update v5 migrate guide and container api reference (#9445)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/guides/upgrade-to/v5.mdx

If your project includes `.mdx` files, you must upgrade `@astrojs/mdx` to the latest version (v4.0.0) so that your JSX can be handled properly by the integration.

> If you are using an MDX server renderer with the experimental [Astro Container API](/en/reference/container-reference/) you should update the import:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using an MDX server renderer with the experimental [Astro Container API](/en/reference/container-reference/) you must update the import to reflect the new location:
```
